README.md, before:

# SimplePost

![demo](https://github.com/DsTyM/TeiSteSchedule/blob/master/demo.gif?raw=true)

Το project αυτό δημιουργήθηκε καθαρά για εκμάθηση.


Το SimplePost είναι ένα σύστημα διαχείρισης ανακοινώσεων.
Οι ήδη εγγεγραμμένοι χρήστες μπορούν να συνδεθούν και να επεξεργαστούν 
μια ανακοίνωση ή να ανεβάσουν μια καινούρια.
Οι μη συνδεδεμένοι χρήστες μπορούν να δουν τις ανακοινώσεις που ήδη υπάρχουν.

Το SimplePost χρησιμοποιεί τεχνολογίες Web όπως: 
HTML και CSS, καθώς επίσης και JSP Files 
μαζί με μια βάση δεδομένων MySQL. 


Ο κώδικας του βρίσκεται στον φάκελο: web.
Η βάση έχει γίνει export από το MySQL Workbench και βρίσκεται στο αρχείο: SimplePostDB_Dump.sql.
Το project αυτό καθώς χρησιμοποιεί JSP Files χρειάζεται έναν
Java EE Application Server (όπως τον GlassFish) ή
έναν Java Servlet Container (όπως τον Apache Tomcat) για να τρέξει η εφαρμογή.

Commit message:

about and readme translated to english gif presentation removed mysqldump file updated

README.md, after:

# SimplePost

SimplePost is a simple post management system.
It is actually a simple CRUD web application implemented in Java EE (now called Jakarta EE) using MVC Architecture.
It uses JSP files as the View, it uses Servlets as the Controller and it uses simple Java Classes as the Model.
It uses MySQL as the database and JDBC to connect Java with MySQL.
It also uses HTML and CSS for the View on the JSP Files just to project the content. But it strongly focuses on 
the back-end and not at the front-end.
I tried to use Clean Code and Best Practices as much as I could on the back-end (not on the front-end).

All users that access the website can view the posts.
The already logged in users can also edit and delete the posts that have uploaded themselves
and they can also create new posts.

View (JSP files) functionality is inside web/WEB-INF folder (so that the client has no access to JSP files directly).
Controller (Servlets) functionality is inside src/com/dstym/controller folder (com.dstym.controller) is the package.
Model (Simple Java Classes) functionality is inside src/com/dstym/model folder (com.dstym.model) is the package.

// here show the image

You need to change the database credentials on src/com/dstym/model/DbHelper.java file
dbUrl is where you give the url of connection to the database, dbUsername and dbPassword is the 
username and the password credentials of the database.

Database has been dumped using mysqldump and it should be imported using the file: SimplePostDB_Dump.sql
like this:
create database simplepostdb;
mysql -u username -p simplepostdb < SimplePostDB_Dump.sql

This application has been tested using OpenJDK 12, Apache Tomcat 9 and MySQL 8.

This project created just for learning purposes.
